okay so the clothes are in and this is
detergent somehow it's in English and I
put the detergent in there oh let's
attempt to do this I'm going to press
the on button and then the button she
told me and that's it 44 minutes
yeah there's a water pouring down Thank
You Kieran for helping me and I'm very
happy that you were there to help me
because I really needed to do laundry
and it's working so all I passed was
this button and then this button to
start it and to stop it you said to
press this button again and then it will
stop but it'll stop on its own after the
time is up so thank you for your help
and I really appreciate it okay so my
clothes are finished and they're all
hanging here on the dry rack to dry so
mission accomplished
ta
you